Plaintiff's outgoing senior brother
The Yuan Men you asked us to monitor has arrived.
Then Han Yang was indeed in Yuan Men's team
He also became Yuan Men's chief disciple
What realm is Han Yang now?
It's like seven degrees of desire and suffering
Humph
A mere estimate of seven chips
Can become the chief disciple of Yuan Men
What qualifications does Yuan Men have?
With my Xuanyi Palace
And called the three major
Han Yang's Hundred Doors Dance this time
Is the end of your life
Senior brother killed Han Yang like a palm
Just what
It's just that his one-year period with the Supreme Elder has not yet arrived
You killed him
I'm afraid I won't kill him
I'm going to torture him
The Supreme Elder will surely be happy
Hahahaha
Chen Qiaoqian
Just let me see it.
What kind of trash is it?
Can make you so loyal to him
The previous convenience is Zhongzhou City
Today's Zhongzhou City
Hundreds of large and small sects have gathered
I don't know how many disciples
Therefore, this elder reminds you again
Don't cause trouble and don't be afraid of trouble
Everything is up to the sect for you
It's good to go to town
Hundred Doors Club Dance is a prosperous era in the entire Tianyuan Continent
The original door is long overdue
It seems that it is not very popular Hundred Doors Dance
Not seen in over 30 years
Fellow Daoist Yuan is still so resolute
In the past 30 years, the old body of every 100 League will sign
But I have never seen Daoyong's figure
I enter Kendo
No time to engage in trivia
This Hundred Doors Dance
I want to consecrate
Be the first son in the world